Add plans category (#25458)
docker/docker.github.io: content/manuals/subscription/plans/gordon.md

Reviewer: @nunocoracao could you PTAL at this description of Gordon plans? Thanks

---
title: Gordon plans
linkTitle: Gordon
description:
  Manage Gordon Plus, Max, and Ultra plans for personal accounts, including
  purchasing, upgrading, and deactivating
keywords:
  gordon, gordon plus, gordon max, gordon ultra, gordon usage, gordon plan,
  personal subscription, ai assistant, usage allowance
weight: 20
aliases:
  - /subscription/products/gordon/
  - /subscription/gordon/
---

> [Gordon](/manuals/ai/gordon/_index.md) is an AI assistant for Docker workflows. Gordon Base is included at no cost with Docker Personal and Docker Pro plans. Gordon Plus, Max, and Ultra increase your monthly usage allowance and are available as self-serve in the billing portal. 

Reviewer 2: > Gordon Base is included at no cost with Docker Personal and Docker Pro plans. 

As per https://www.docker.com/products/gordon/ Gordon Base is included with Docker. The statement above indicates that Gordon Base isn't available for Team or Business. Could you confirm and update if needed

Author: Ah, this is a good callout.  I'll defer to @kylebartz on this one.

Author: Updated in 5fe28c9e — changed to included at no cost with Docker plans to align with the Gordon product page.

> 

Reviewer 2: Suggest we add short blurbs for each plan.

Author: Done in 5fe28c9e. Added four intro bullets (one per plan tier: Base, Plus, Max, Ultra) using language from the product team. Also updated Gordon Base to say it is included at no cost with Docker plans to address the scope question below.

title: Gordon plans
linkTitle: Gordon
description:
  Manage Gordon Plus, Max, and Ultra plans for personal accounts, including
  purchasing, upgrading, and deactivating
keywords:
  gordon, gordon plus, gordon max, gordon ultra, gordon usage, gordon plan,
  personal subscription, ai assistant, usage allowance
weight: 20
aliases:
  - /subscription/products/gordon/
  - /subscription/gordon/
---

[Gordon](/manuals/ai/gordon/_index.md) is an AI assistant for Docker workflows. For pricing details, see the [Gordon product page](https://www.docker.com/products/gordon/).

- Gordon Base is included at no cost with Docker plans. It covers everyday Docker workflow questions with a baseline monthly usage allowance.
- Gordon Plus is for developers who use Gordon regularly. It increases your monthly usage allowance above Base.
- Gordon Max is for power users who rely on Gordon throughout their workflow. It offers a significantly higher usage allowance than Plus.
- Gordon Ultra is for developers with the highest usage needs. It provides the maximum monthly allowance available on a self-serve plan.

To upgrade to a Gordon paid plan, see [Manage plans](/manuals/subscription/manage.md).

## Usage

> Gordon usage is measured in questions. When you upgrade from Gordon Base to a paid plan, your usage multiplies the Base allowance. Usage is capped across three time windows: 4-hour, daily, and monthly. For full limit details, see [Gordon usage limits](/manuals/ai/gordon/usage-limits.md).

Reviewer 3: it's also what we say on https://docs.docker.com/ai/gordon/usage-limits/ but maybe we should word it differently @dgageot @gtardif ?

> Gordon usage is measured in questions. When you upgrade from Gordon Base to a paid plan, your usage multiplies the Base allowance. Usage is tracked per calendar month and resets at the start of each new month. For full limit details, see [Gordon usage limits](/manuals/ai/gordon/usage-limits.md).

Reviewer: Usage is not only tracked per month, but also per day and per 4 hour windows (fixed time slots).

```suggestion
Gordon usage is measured in questions. When you upgrade from Gordon Base to a paid plan, your usage multiplies the Base allowance. Usage is capped across three time windows: 4-hour, daily, and monthly. For full limit details, see [Gordon usage limits](/manuals/ai/gordon/usage-limits.md).
```
